find
bright I it up
I was this whole time you know that all
mycer I take control of you want nothing
can replace this moment and nothing can
divide us right now you forgive me for
my
life there's so that's
to
know the show goes
on me SP
on SP on SP
on I'm
a
feel
real I'm running out
all
in the magic i'
are you still afid of me i' say that I
don't you know it
isn't the
things we never had a chance any
you know
I
eyes
heart me put it
out
fall the magic
SP
l
play
oh
everything
Sinister on your
starscome to of
there's you want it you got it shut up
and play
alone you playing playing with
st when you playing playing
withut to
home it's onear for living
take a picture of the picture of the
picture of the picture of
picture hold on
beatress beatric what do you think about
this beatric what do you think about
this beatric
what do you think about
this beatric what do you think about
this
live your
life
the let your life a fful
no wait no okay let's try this
again let's let's just uh beatric what
did you think about that
okay
stop good right on
Q
nice I just need everyone to know that
when I screamed uh it like echoed down
the street because my window's open
that's fine people are screaming here
all the time anyway I'm just blending in
I think
wa
oh I almost spilled everything in my
life hold
on wait okay wait I need to fix this
give me a
second you you okay beatric you can keep
playing it it's fine
what we to be is this
such let your life
silar let your life f
W when you're playing playing
Star
playing Play Star
LA Live Your Life a
superar your life
be
in the
afternoon from you we were night getting
friendly with
each staring at the mirror got a smile
smile don't be late we got plan started
[__] R RI I'm so tired of keeping
myself in a and I just don't care your H
in the tonight I
to got the
street everything tired
or you're going get cin time
forence okay I did it nice very good
my uh headph I got a new headphone cable
because my other one was getting [__]
up it's a nice uh hold on let me see if
I can get on camera
here all all the C it's kind of hard to
find good cables for the hd600 so I
ended up getting like a custom
one it's a nice color it's a the color
of my skin which is very
nice um
um
what I might change my
my stream cards to be to to not be poo
themed eventually the the Poo era may
may have a maybe retired for a little
while I do love seeing my stupid child's
face but uh I can only take so much sh
up just like it's everywhere it's here
it's
here it's not here but it's here and
it's here
so that's nice
um so I changed my
wallpaper so I can actually have my wall
my my desktop open now cuz the other one
I I love the Monarch cover artart but
I'm not sure if it's great for for
streams it's a little bit intense for
for stream so oh we get to have the
lamper art shout out to everyone who was
here
yesterday um okay where am
I all right baddy I'm I'm coming in
don't get
scared
nice so nice we have uh we have the
Lampert
lore
um I don't even have Minecraft
open Let's uh how do I open
Minecraft I
remember should we do web fishing today
too is a
question or should we should we just
play web fishing straight out right now
and then move to Minecraft after
I'm going to take that as a yes I want
to get one with fishing
actually
uh let's
see we we we'll get some Minecraft
that'll be
good
um web fishing isn't on Mac native so
we're running it through crossover so
it'll take just a tad bit longer to open
than than
normal but it's let's
chill I main support on League my main
character is
Bard I haven't played league in a while
though I'll get back to it eventually
the flip is web fishing yeah I might
have to add web fishing to the uh stream
audio good thing I remember
this uh steam would you like to open
today I saw it icon open and it HD
away you come on it's okay oh it's shy
okay let's try
again oh not so shy this time
arthus I appreciate it buddy but you
know the feelings are not recorded you
got to remember what you did in uh
[__] The Purge the the The
Purge you know
uh Uther wasn't chill with
that Jana too she's like what the [__]
what's that
for no
way can't do it
man this entire city must be
purged
okay I should play Banana
good [__] why didn't I think about
that okay nice now let's add this to the
uh streaming thing what am I looking for
I don't know if that's
working oh no that's not what I
wanted there we
go you should be able to hear that now
it's probably kind of loud I'll turn it
down a little
bit okay
I'll give you the code bdy one
second uh
wait
okay and there's there's the K nice
okay here we
go it's just Animal Crossing
okay I have
$49 yeah nice I want a Diet Coke I don't
even drink diet
coke I haven't used any of these yet
I thought that was just milk for some
reason the $49 Diet
Coke what oh you became so huge for a
second you became so enormous for just
okay that's
good I think
so I want to get Lake fish freshwater
fish
it Stacks oh dear God that's so
dangerous
wait that's not allowed
this is how you this is how you uh V hop
in web fishing if you want to hit a
clip I I I don't know where I am I'm
next to a big ass Bridge
the children yearn from Mario 64 they
merely do not realize it
I got a toad what a
boy oh I ranked
up triple
kill King
Slayer buzz kill
wait why are you
huge okay yeah my bad
I hope she plays hot to
go these fish is gay good for them good
for
them KY is rolling in its watery
grave and you might ask yourself wait
isn't cany alive
yes the way it feels like with the way
people have perceived my my stories
lately is like no one ever no one talks
about canny at all anymore it's like the
it's like the [__] Toy Story image I
don't want to play with you anymore it's
like they're dropping cany and holding
vid
I caught a large
goldfish that must be why the laughter
begins at midnight
you're so sitting
coded there is no Mario you lie to me
yes there is just Google Mario you'll
see
him hello
true the Mario is in your
heart a new creature you caught a small
carp carp what a
this is
Minecraft Squidward this is great just
you me and the nuclear reactor you built
between
us I caught a massive car thing is
[__]
massive shit's bigger than you can ever
imagine
oh you're making your creature SA
what
what what did you
do why are you why are you huge I mean
it
how much money do I
have
$159 159 Diet Coke it's so true
brace yourself
the the pitching of these sounds reminds
me of the game
Lisa for
how much does Mario cost
$12 plus
shipping am I going crazy or just like
do people not say shipping and handling
anymore like no one ever says like a oh
yeah this is going to be $10 for
shipping and handling they just it just
says they just say shipping now
and by now I mean like since the past
like 10
years the handling is over now I'm like
wondering what the what the purpose of
that is
though they levitate your Mac package
with magic
powers FedEx drivers who are Wizards
I caught a frog the shipping never stops
no yeah yes BTY
verog are you having
fun saying these
words you're having a true
T
squeak the Wizards give free shipping
upon the
land I feel like girls for wizards is
basically just like super Pony world 3
essentially in a weird
way eek eek
I caught a large snail
meow I would say that I was if I were a
snail yeah bug I'm not a snail bug
is why do you have just like a little
dear
chilling oh God what is
this holy [__] what is this going to
be shining huge perch man am I
parched [__] does that mean
oh I got a
[__] I missed my
chance wait no I didn't go go go I have
to fish in the in the
clouds I missed
it by mere
seconds oh my God it's happening
again am I like a cartoon
hold on there's a thing over that it's
gone nope it's back am am I a
cartoon I swear to [__] God
it's not raining here is
it oh I got
weed batty
don't for me
we've been rewatching
SpongeBob and it hit me that there's a
line that Karen said like when when they
put the seaweed into the analyzer thing
like seaweed 50% sea 50%
weed shit's
crazy dream blunt rotation is just a
[__] computer and like a single cell
organism
please one fish is all I there we
go I think that satisfies the quest
thing
for rainbow trap uh let's
see Catch toad catch like
fist oh I don't do it right whatever
okay let's do
that and uh
why not this
two I guess you can
how
I'm
okay I'm not ready to grow yet
yeah Tails some requester ass music
what what
are oh okay
sorry
uh-huh I'm not accepting friend requests
on Steam don't even try it
I have a pixelation effect on I'm not
sure if what it looks like without it
oh that's a
little that's a little
strange [__]
that's really nice of you to
do I'm turning the pixelation back on
what if I do what the [__] pixelation
nice
it's kind of
trippy okay let's
just wait why am I here what was I doing
give me worms or I'm going to shoot you
with a gun thank
you for
H what
gu funny
this Buddy isn't
yours that would kill me sad sad [__] my
bad [__] I should have considered that
dropping a piano and you would kill you
it's okay you given me the rare Pizza
dog I didn't drop a piano on
you I was going to but I
didn't
nope prove
it aren't you alive no nope
okay V died to poo
I got a guppy guess you're a Guppy puppy
oh
help I suddenly became birthday what
should I
do um
wait I thought alus was a
girl any updates on the
radishes yes the first time I ran out of
radishes yes I remember it was like
being in a nightmare you want to know
about my first time not having one of a
radish nearby it is a painful
experence uh that's that's a
strange sentiment Nick
YouTube I'm G to put you and time
out and of
uh if you come back and say more weird
[__] we'll just
uh we just get rid of you just take you
out to the back and
uh ban you
forever give you a strong talking too
I'm a tender foot
4 fatty no you you can't say that
actually yes you can go ahead it's a
free wait you're polish you can't say
that
PSA
right why did you why did your character
sound like it was genuinely saying
that do it again be my entertainment as
soon as
possible small Co
wait do it again I wasn't
looking that's really
nice seeing your character think and
then just like put that face it's like
really funny to me
baddy say something appropriate in
Polish it's called Web fishing one word
maybe you should have said I don't know
what to say in Polish drink Rings oh my
God someone put these around a turtle's
neck as soon as possible does anyone
know how fast we can do that
I should have done that for Halloween I
should have just gotten like a turtle
costume and then put like a giant
[__] plastic bag over my
head like Turtle
reaction I caught a
koyi you're welcome strange
one Mari Mario KO attack oh my God what
are you saying
did they just add this
chalk the special chalk is that
new guys should I get a
cigarette for
I need to catch fish in the rain oh
that's how you can see the clowns up
there oh
what candy smoke a
Sig smor a
s I don't like Cy would but vid 100%
would you have to recall that vid is
basically Immortal it's like she doesn't
give a [__] about anything like that
now candy doesn't smoke vid
does Rd would love a video shape just
bong
I I have to look up what that
means oh oh
okay um
I I don't I don't think anyone
would maybe Princess
Celestia in my universes anyway
so let's just like a little sling to
take the edge off just a [__]
patch please let that count for catching
something in the
rain blue Gil blue Gil what a
thrill KY think this is an instrument
it didn't
count it didn't count where the [__]
other clouds I [__] hate the world
this Lobby is not
public should we make it public though
is the question I think we're just
chilling just to here we get too many
people in here it's going to be
scary I'm I'm I'm playing on a Mac right
now what are you talking about
there's no rain no rain no rain I need
rain yeah I'm playing on a m look I'll
prove
it
wait I'm on a ma
now I have crossover
just it's not a big deal just download
the Mac
version crossover is so
good I've really been able to run any
game I want to on crossover like works
really
well there is really no
clouds like Counter Strike went Windows
only and it works just fine on crossover
through Mac
problem is I don't give a [__] about
Counterstrike anymore
so I didn't pay that much for crossover
what are you talking about
I paid like
$70 I got a dog fish that's
me I got that dog in
me dog
gets that's what's on the website I
swear to God I did not pay that much I I
pave hold on oncode wavers I think hold
up oh
the hold
on where
okay so okay I got the
12mon thing but that's still uh I'm
pretty sure it's still Perpetual license
it's just uh you lose updates after a
12-month period
and since with any kind of
like with any kind of platform like this
to run different software they're going
to be you're going to want to run all
the updated stuff anyway so it's like
not too big of a deal but like the the
75 or whatever dollar version is still
Perpetual license you just lose updates
after 12 months
yeah it's a lot better than having to do
uh VM and I have a VM
too no it's uh I I try very hard not to
use subscription Services if I can
handle
it or buy everything Perpetual if I
can like I have uh I have parallels as
well for my
VM but
I have it as Perpetual so I have to pay
for updates whenever I want
them huge grouper grouper hardly
nowhere I found a bonus coin bag as well
EK EK EK EK
yeah crossover runs things way better
than a VM so I would definitely what the
[__] Christ you put that thing in your
pocket my first short story my first
short story in the same room
I do have to buy better bait I know I'm
using
a I have worms right now but I'm just
trying to get rid of these so I can use
my crickets I was trying to make money
trying to make fish
money so I can buy a better
bait small I guess I hit the nail on the
head
Violet has a
worms what what did you
get what is
that oyster oh [__] I want to eat
oysters I want Seafood
problem is with seafood is you can't be
lazy with it you have to get it
properly there's a reason fast food
Seafood just never tastes
good
what tragedy the new Cod games won't
work I would be honest with you I don't
know if that's too bad I don't know if
that's too much of a problem I'll be
real with you
I know that's just an opinion but uh I
feel like you're not losing too
much this is coming from someone who
grew up with Call of
Duty You' heard Black Ops 6 is very good
I saw the omnidirectional sprinting
situation that was kind of interesting
I might try to play Black Ops 6 just
just for just like a week or two see how
it feels but I I wouldn't expect to play
it very
much like I'm kind of jaded I I really
miss
uh a lot of like the older ones it's not
even a Nostalgia thing it's just
like a lot of the old cods are way more
fun yeah I was actually playing Black
Ops 3 Zombies with Tracy breaks a couple
of months ago it was really
fun isn't uh I I heard the I heard
they're still
doing the same technical like not the
same
like Call of Duty did kind of fall off
after
ghosts I feel like that's kind of I kind
of like mildly liked ghosts mainly for
the multiplayer though not so much for
the
campaign but for Black Ops aren't they
technically continuing the same same
story line not like the same story
threads but like the same universe
essentially hello
bro the thing is like I don't even like
zombies G I don't like zombies media I
don't like things like the last of us I
don't like things like any kind of
zombies media in general it's just not
interesting to me whatsoever I feel like
the reason why call zombies still
appeals to me is just cuz it's
like it's a just a little bit more
interesting because it's short sweet and
like
addicting and in instead of trying to
pretend it's like more than what it
is and because it's so like chill with
itself it actually ends up just being
more interesting
cod zombies has like no like well at
least the older games the um like Black
Ops 3 and before they just have like no
filler it's just like you you start the
game and then you play it and it's just
exactly what it promises to be and a lot
of video games don't even do that
anymore it's not it's not an open Lobby
okay we can
use I'm not going to use I'm going to go
back really
quickly okay
let's go over
here can't get leeches yet
okay
so didn't you need better bait yeah I
did I don't have the money for it
though I guess we're doing ocean fish
still cuz that's the next tier
another oh [__] it's raining can I can
we get something
here please does this count as me being
in the rain I actually don't think so I
want to get over there a bit more there
we
go another reason why I think Call of
Duty zombies works so well in the past
is because it doesn't take itself too
seriously and
like that is like so well welcome
because a media that takes itself a
little too seriously when it doesn't
have a lot of serious stuff to say is
just kind of silly to
me okay I think that's I think that's
the quest
finished but zombies is like it's kind
of uh kind of just silly and lets itself
be
strange it's just it's just a breath of
sure
yeah it's called Web fishing sorry I
didn't see the
question you slid in
here
crazy Bellow
can I also say and this is probably
Nostalgia talking compared to the other
things I'm
saying
but I I kind of liked the Black Ops 3
multiplayer after having play Modern
cods where the movement is like a lot
more fluid and Black Ops 3's movement
feels a lot less Black Ops movement
feels a lot less like fluid as modern
cods do it still is like very
fun the the thing that Black Ops 3
didn't have going for it is it had just
the worst campaign I've ever played in
my entire life absolutely dog [__]
uninteresting garbage
hello saw fish I saw
it Oh my gosh
I also this is an extreme guilty
pleasure this is like I I won't defend
this game on an objective level but like
I have like a guilty pleasure for
advanced Warfare it kind of
sucks but like it's kind of like fast
food for me for some reason I enjoyed it
to some degree even though it's like
really [__]
but then when we got to infinite Warfare
the gimmicks were all dead and like
everything didn't feel right and that's
when it was like bad enough
that I I just didn't give a [__] anymore
large
Stingray what makes me sad
is if we're being completely honest that
Call of Duty has mostly been
like particularly the past few years has
been
like American American war machine
propaganda it's just
militarism I think a lot of earlier Call
of Duty games had a lot of commentary
against War like kind of being able
to have a strange Nuance about how it's
actually it's actually
terrible and then like at a certain
point Call of Duty kind of transitioned
to being pretty much entirely like a
propaganda
machine which I I feel is the most
evident from games like
where they know they
they like re reframed an American war
crime with to be a Russian war
crime like that's that's just propaganda
unfortunately like you're
crazy but yeah Black Ops 2 for like the
last perfect
campaign where it had commentary against
Warfare and didn't act entirely as a
propaganda
machine like it's really all about you
got
Shelly I don't think I got Shelly
yet let's
see oh I
did I don't know when did you get
another
one or no you're holding it
can I stop getting a stingray
please it's just like with a lot of the
older Cod games they kept talking about
stuff that we should be worried about I
feel like Call of Duty as a warning was
like a good thing and Now Call of Duty
is no longer that it's like just war is
fun now
damn it I thought it was going to be
more plastic rings I was so
excited oh my how many of those do you
have
now that's twice of them
crazy how pollution is cannon in this
game I really wanted to like the modern
Call of Duty games cuz like the
campaigns got very interesting but just
yeah the propaganda is a swordfish
I have having conversations about how uh
what the
[__] buddy what are you what's
happening all the big ass fish love
me uh I was talking about how
Transit was a very unpopular map with a
lot of people but it was one of my
favorite of the the cod zombies maps
like I thought it was such a clever
idea like I've heard a lot of people
hate Transit I'm just amazed at
that they're like oh it's too hard don't
you want the game to be
hard why would you want to should be
easy yeah the stingr want me and the
swordfish want
baddy yeah the Easter egg doesn't make a
lot of sense in
transit
but I'm just thinking about the core
gaml and like the map itself
I also thought the characters were funny
for that one
ah big ass shark okay let's go
to
here got a
sawfish okay we have some uh cash money
right now let's
nice we can get
leeches we can
get
snats you can get that
we can get these nice nice
stuff oh my God I forgot about di eyes
for a
second that one was also kind of
hard that one gets it's like both
claustrophobic and also
like has so much verticality and space
at the same time and it's like so
extremely
nonlinear it was a very interesting
experiment to say the
least I'd play it again
I don't know if I'd say it's my favorite
I don't think I've done the the Easter
egg for for Di
rise oh there's Shelly I got a huge ass
Lobster what a
be I think my thing is the Easter eggs
were not like the things I paid
attention to the most in the
octopus squ
games yes
bro let me
set Tracy was trying to show me how to
do the Easter egg on
the the 1920s map on Black Ops 3 I
forget what it's called
that one's crazy
though yeah Shadows of
evil the map design for that one is so
good the Easter egg is
freaky and anxiety inducing
thanks for the support Kim
Jong-un lion F that thing's sick well I
calling you a truther
small seahorse gety
up on top of cod also I used to be a
battlefield player as well I was talking
about this when I was playing
uh Roblox
fortnite there was a period of time
where I was playing a lot of Battlefield
I got into it sort of
late I got into Battlefield around like
Battlefield
3 which was like an interesting time to
get into it cuz
uh it was after Bad Company and before
Hardline so it's like I was I kind of
arrived on the scene treasure chest okay
cosmetic Catfish baseball cap
unlocked web
fishing
nice wait you can play Death Grips in a
Hardline
I'm going to be honest with you I don't
even think Death Grips can redeem
Battlefield
Hardline Death Grips I feel like can
redeem a lot of things but not even
Battlefield Hardline can be safe I think
but I was always uh I was always doing
sniping stuff in
Battlefield and so when I would go back
to Cod after playing Battlefield it
would just be like a walk in the park to
do like quick Scopes cuz
like you have to actually like you to
actually try in Battlefield to do
sniping and then so you just go back to
Cottage just like the easiest [__] in
the universe
oh wait I'm using my crickets don't I
have well I didn't pick
up oh I did pick up
leeches The Sniper Elite video comp fire
as [__] all right here's here's my
lore uh I used to watch uh when I was
like 15 16 I used to watch uh page
videos to learn how to uh quick
scope and it
worked there was a point where I started
to realize that everyone who did these
YouTube videos is like really bothered
me a [__]
ton like I don't want to be in a room
with any of the people I'm watching
right
now
swordfish I feel it would be just bad
news if I was in a room with like a Call
of Duty
gamer it's the duality of being into
these games is uh if you find them fun
you have to realize you have to reckon
with the people who play them too
like I don't think anyone should be left
alone in a room with like a pro Call of
Duty player I think that's just
a something bad waiting to happen
automatically oh
hello I caught a shrimp what an acrilan
this is an acry by the
way okay I have two more crickets but
I'm switching
to leashes
actually I don't need salt
water anymore I'm supposed to be doing
uh supposed to be
doing not salt water
my secret to enjoying video games is I
don't try to 100% them
no I totally get
it I'm just saying if I can't 100%
something I've never like broken up
about it cuz
uh doesn't really matter to
me sometimes I do with it like I said I
completed a Pokedex for the first time
in 10
years 10 over 10 years actually oh no
wait 2022
after
2007 2008
is 15 years oh my
God wait why am I back here supposed to
do fresh
water Jim Jim literally I think he may
be biased in considering it a great
achievement Something tells me
but I finished the Pokdex for Pokemon
scarlet and violet and it's the first
time
I first time I finished a pokeddex in 15
years yeah
basically and it's like I didn't I
didn't do that because I felt like I had
to it's just like it was just a
challenge I felt like
having so I get
it or makes it really hard to not want a
100% a
two okay it's actually tuned to eat
wait wait what the
[__] that's actually tuned to E
standard what
what
what for
no
I don't know if this cord is actually
possible to play that that that with
these two
open
uh but I like this
cord you can bring that here
that
that's over five FRS this this will be a
hurt unfortunately because I'm a piano
player I prefer my chords to have like
six notes at a time which is a pain for
guitar players to have to deal with
I this could maybe work with a capo but
I don't see anyone's hands working with
that
is
second
that's
nice wait this this is such a cool
mechanic this is actually
functional like genuine layer
wow I can play the guitar my
keyboard oh no you should have told me
that
is
giving this mini function is a little
bit too much because then why not just
go use a doll I I think exactly the way
it is right now makes it actually fun to
use inside the game
is
that is so cool wait and then if I exit
does it keep this does it keep my saved
cords
it
does are you kidding
me so interesting so
cool something I really liked with uh
working with guitars more for this album
has been
like wait they made songs on a DS for
that
Alum I had I had no
idea I think I've only heard that album
once
though
um the thing about using guitar for this
album is because uh I'm I'm a piano
player there are certain chords which
I'm like used
to using a lot on piano
huh fishing yeah I just sorry I just
want to show you Kermit Kermit these are
really nice where' you get these uhid to
me that was a while ago I think I
remember
these hold on you want to show chat
showat my shoes
show chat your Kermit
shoes so good I like the LPS on your
screen oh yeah it's really I like I like
videos I like videos too I like
Instagram logo on
it
yeah holy crappy holy
crappy everyone says it's fire
eat your vegetables
chat anyway fire shoe fire
fish it is an ergonomic keyboard
but now working with guitars for those
albums has been really good because
there are chords I just have a tendency
to play on piano and I and I rely on a
lot on piano and guitar is a little bit
more unfamiliar to me and so the chords
I come up with are automatically like a
little bit different from what I
normally do and it was nice to have
that capability for this
album a lot of like chord changes and
like modulations that exist on guitar
easily don't exist as easily in my hand
in my mind in my hand in my mind on
piano
so and like I was saying with the
game
uh I tend to like to play really big
chords my keyboard's plugged in hold on
I can show you like the chords I like to
play
are
like really big
and uh on guitar you only have six
strings and most of the time you're not
even playing chords of Six Strings if
you're even playing chords that
is and so it was a blessing and a curse
cuz it was like it was a blessing cuz I
got to get out of my comfort zone and
like make stuff with limited notes and
chord structures it was also a curse
because uh I would hear a chord in my
head i' be like okay now it's time to
play this chord on guitar and I'd find
the notes and be like either that's
impossible to play or it's impossible to
play
if you want to get an ergonomic keyboard
I'd definitely suggest
Kyron because their pre-builts are
actually really
good and if you're wanting to build a
custom keyboard then you can just gut
their pre-builts
and uh build it your own way but if you
get it pre-built you know it's already
ready to go to begin with so it's
functional I've I've done enough
building
keyboards in my
day the one I'm using right now is the
one I
built I think I have Parts in my room
that could build like three more
keyboards but I I've just been
lazy they are paining in the ass you
should see how many Tools in my room I
have specifically just for this case
keyboard building stream it's not that
fun to
watch and when I and I when I get
focused on something I get really
focused on
something and I don't really need
another keyboard I'm kind of set with
everything I have
like I'm not really itching to have more
of
them people who are collectors start
like hearing me say that and be like how
dare how could you say that it's like
[__] it it costs
money costs money it takes
time like I'm I'm
good and a good keyboard like the one I
built here is probably going to last me
the my whole
life like I I'm
good all right what are we getting here
that was a lot
of large pupfish a little
puppy sure
dude okay
a pup fish was
a quest it would
see um
okay I'm going to get cosmetic things I
think I wish I could preview these or
you can't sell them can
you no you can't s
them I wish I could preview these on my
character there's the only shoes you can
have I guess
so wait those are
cute look at these
it's
fire Mario okay what is the quest board
actually
so on track for Lake Fish Cat creatures
that are tiny or microscopic I can put
on my thing the fly hook which higher
chance of catching a smaller
fish so let's do
it hi B
fashionable bro thank
you smaller fish sell for Less I know
but the Quest board says I need to get
fish that are smaller or
microscopic I love that it meows
what a
guy he's so
chill a like a Gary from sponge
spub wait hold on I need to check if
it's actually going towards the quest or
not
no
um
huh I can
what
oh my God
you're you're
B so very
true precisely dear
R you you said
it I haven't seen anyone on Twitter
talking about these things that's
interesting
so huh
so nice wait can I do
like
oh
laugh no
treasure chest
what's in the
box cosmetic salmon
flannel oh my
God I actually want one of those now in
real
life it's so
cute what
okay are you jumping for joy bro p
here you
go turning you into a
small Matchbox car
yeah get
driving birds are
tweaking what
oh my God what is
this what the [__] was
that for
yeah it was it it had like 60 40 60 or
something like
that fashion wealth
the sound is
uh the sound is
like for
I don't remember what I was saying
anymore
more why
I was going to say that the the
sound sounds like Obi-Wan's Toral animal
from Star Wars episode
3 like that
it
yeah eie weeb is a dinosaur goes ow ow
ow ow ow ow like
oh man no
way it I sure
do
what for
the
world I caught a small turtle it's
called Web
fishing did that count as small
yes
wait
okay four more like fish
down the ground call
me
don't don't
crap ARG Mr Squidward I'm turning into a
Ford
F150
crazy here's my impression of a pirate
AR shining small crayfish blah blah blah
yeah for
wow
I got a smack to
place
for for
this for
we should brain back
punching have
fun how was my on
here is my impression of a pilot I'm
going to land This Plane
quick now is your chance to build the
machine be honest guys did I just become
the next the Kanye
West here's my impression of a pirate or
me matey walk the plank here's my
impression of a pilot I am going to land
This
Plane here's my impression of a baseball
player Flack home run here's my
impression of a robber give me all the
money I have a gun here's my impression
of my
haters get it cuz the haters can't say
[__] here's my impression of the mayor I
make the LA I am the May here's my
impression of a skater I love to
skateboard I'm going to hit it
trick here's my impression of a baby
gag that's so
awesome we got to cover
it the mirror voice is really good
I make the laws I am the
mayor I make the
laws I am the
mayor that's my version
smearing
octopus for
okay getting
it hello bro I was getting a new uh
something
Belo
for for
your download thing
oh here it
comes yep
what what what
what the
[__] did that say like 160 and then 160
or
something it was like 200 and then
160 or was it
more I don't know I can't
remember okay okay
two I can manage this
oh big swordfish for you
okay yeah I a join code I'll DM it to
you one
second there are you girl
Don't
Drown I have to play it again I'm
sorry be honest guys did I just become
the next the Kanye
West here's my impression of a pirate or
me matey walk the plank here's my
impression of a pilot I am going to land
This Plane here's my impression of a
baseball player Flack home run here's my
impression of a robber give me all the
money I have a gun here's my impression
of my haters get it cuz the haters can't
say [__] here's my impression of the
mayor I make the law I am the mayor
here's my impression of a skater I'd
love to skateboard I'm going to hit a
trick here here's my impression of a
baby
gag
Pico I'm looking for you oh you're in
the you'd be in the tutorial right now
right I don't
know gy
you
to
I
what
good
I
okay
is
am I playing it somewhere
else
um so
you I don't know how to troubleshoot
when P's going
through h
it's
here you sold them they had a families
and like a world
do I have the
I actually have the undertale specific
ones collected here somewhere
I don't know which one of those
oh sh
that
is this the undertale drums
it's hopes and
dreams I don't see it here but I can
just make
it it's pretty easy it's just
no
funny okay
okay that's kind of a crazy Baseline
I
what did you
get huge ass salmon I want some [__]
huge ass salmon right now
God I want Seafood it's a little bit
hard to come by
I've heard some of the pizza Tower
soundtrack it just reminds me of
like kind of crusty New Jack
Swing and like
break acid Break Stuff
n
oh for
I need
money why can't I have
money huh
ha
now why is it not letting me use my
rod what's going on
here what is
scary oh that is
scary no it's uh my left click just
isn't working in the game right now
that is weird
huh I'm
small inventory is not full I don't know
what's going
on cuz I can't it won't work with like
anything right
now my left click will not work with
anything I think it's going to kill the
game you'll have to
rejoin let's try this
again oh
okay sending new codes
it's working now
nice you're normal size again
yay you do not Tower over me
okay I have to be right
back um I'm just going to let everyone
uh Badd and peaker I'm in good hands
with them like nothing's going to go
wrong which is good so I'll be right
back for
that's
oh for
spe
I
head
you
to
spe
there
what
how did I get
here
Mario go play Mario
3 I just got to I guess sh
out it's the best [__] ever Argy M walk
the
plank the shit's
here wait do I need fresh water or salt
water fish more right now
so
water here's my impression of a
pyate the death of
me huh
shit's so good
okay where's gummy I don't
know he's probably walking in the plank
oh silly goober
one not as goober
silly as it could
be big ass squid big ass
squid my face is showing through
a true alien
wait okay I got this one
nice glistening Diamond what the
hell what does that
mean okay
does that mean I can get the uh one of
the rarest fish in the
game still can't get
minnows I did so it
n
that's so
friendly what a nice
song I caught her
be
W I thought the fish you just got
hold on let me try again I thought the
fish you just got got had a
hat
nice large hat Bass
wow
Marlin something something Marlin what
does that mean
shining small shrimp
what
w
Christmas fishing rod
ah how
vulgar wait let me let me see if I can
get the
uh let me see if I can give people a
jump
scare check this out
you
w w
blue ass fish
massive
Stingray here we I'll show what Creek
flow looks like under the hood it's just
this you'll notice that it's not just a
pure sine wave there's a second tone
that's being created by this
filter if I take this filter
off and back
on so that's how to get the creek flow
sound is the Dual filter harmonic
thing and in future iterations I like
then high pass it like this cuz you see
there's a fake fundamental
here can just get rid of it like
this s creen
flow as always it's just
vital where
how much
now minnows
it's called Web fishing
oh I should use my
um you caught shining wheat Pico
home
run what a story
Mark B
bro the green one is here
okay here we
go
nice glistening small
swordfish hold on I just need to check
to see if that's kind counting towards
my
thing no it's tiny that I'm looking
for okay
Bellow bro
he he so true
he crck flow
now CR FL what do you have to say about
that okay that's good to know
oh old boot that's
nice creek flow can do the that's
nice yeah I use
ablon yes
what the
[__] it's doing the left click thing
again for
me
what put that down
well well well it's Rick and Morty time
okay I'm going to get a little bit
frustrated by this left click
thing I don't know you're just lucky you
haven't been cursed
I might just move to Minecraft P do you
feel like do you feel like playing
Minecraft or no because I know it takes
a long time for it to open for
you I'm not playing
Mario
okay I'm just getting a little bit like
annoyed at this uh bug
yeah the fishing fishy game is
nice just I don't want to keep
restarting we could
uh could play more
later if you change your mind though you
can still join Minecraft when we're
still Minecrafting
okay Robert is watching the fre
all right well we have to play this
while we're opening Minecraft be honest
guys did I just become the next the
Kanye
West here's my impression of a
pirate Wait I messed it
up be honest guys did I just become the
next the Kanye
West here's my impression of a pirate or
me m walk the plank here's my impression
of a pilot I am going to Land This
Plane here's my impression of a baseball
player Flack home run here's my
impression of a robber give me all the
money I have a gun here's my impression
of my
haters get it cuz the haters can't say
[__] here's my impression of the mayor I
make the law I am the mayor here's my
impression of a skater I love to
skateboard I'm going to hit a trick
here's my impression of a
baby where
for
on
isn't this funny
guys H the of France kindly spored by D
travel limited thank you
someone this is just the entire movie of
Mr Bean's
Holiday someone in
patreon like sent an entire synus it's
141 megabytes
so uh that's
nice pack oh God damn
it I forgot this is where we left
off was about to say Rick and Morty um
Mr Bean's Holiday is one of my is is one
of my favorite movies ever
like probably top three favorite
movies which is not a
joke I don't know if I've said this on
stream before but I I I was thinking
about making a video essay on on uh Mr
Bean's Holiday
will people watch uh the Mr Bean's
Holiday video
essay I have been wanting to since 20 20
is when I first came up with the
idea this is a problem
is that funny iron up
there wait B you can TP to me but just
start just don't move at all
okay I'm going to get DJ funny
iron oh oh my inventory is full that's
right how
nice is this a good idea or a bad idea
I feel like I should be trying to find a
way
out especially since there's
no City down here
okay let me up
I think we're
out you can teleport to me now I'm out
of the deep dark what is
that oh that's just
a well I'm about to be in another
another part of the deep dark actually
it would
seem how weird is this cave
wait this is the place
I oh wait I've been
here you can teleport to me again
let me where's my food's my
food oh
dare three shers in a row
here no okay
um I feel like we should be
fine back
this cave generation's kind of
fun
more for
I called and forget you
oh I don't like like this
why did I do
that baddy where did you
go okay well I think I have a way out
in a second it's kind of claustrophobic
I don't want you to get suffocated
how long how
long let me
out I command it
hello find
me ah
and we emerge into a flower
biome so
wonderful iPhone where are you
you're dead digging at
all that really is a lot
you're
stacked you're becoming the number one
Fisher in the universe
batty I'm boad
follow the trail of
torches
nice we can return
well found deep dark did not find
ancient
city
um I suppose I'll take that I don't
think I'll need it
ARG B Tad
is that so
I suppose that is a
possibility oh and you put it that
way how rude
what is
that that's own water
Monument clown flow
ha it lonely yeah that's that's an
attempt at a word I think it is a
valiant one Valiant attempt
this is sort of pointless what I'm doing
here but
hello can I get in
thank
you hop in bro
that's
another
monument and this is dangerous
proximity it's better
if horses could talk do you think they
would speak in dark Omens or fanciful
riddles I don't know how do you think I
speak that sounds like
a
what what
okay chat you know what this means
holy mackerel
wow one bread
body raw fish
here clim up here
so what are we calling this
place it's on the coast
am I still live or is this a new
stream what do what does that mean
oh I see what you mean this is a new
stream I started a few hours
ago it was hungry Baddie if you were a
cat You' do the same
h
Bellow bro
do I have
tenus
no not unless it's extremely
silent if there's absolutely no sound
happening then there is a slight ringing
in my ear but it's virtually
non-existent I listen to music quietly
and I always wear earplugs
this has been the case for my entire
life um what do we call this
Village Mario
that's the usual quiet ring yeah then I
probably just don't have
any what's the map
saying not much not
much Sprout mik Town
[__] what if we just just called it
Michael like where are you I'm at
Michael right now just
Michael oh this cat is
a an
idiot guys should we just call this
place Michael full
stop okay at the bottom of the
pit it's going down the pth to find the
Beast I'll just call this place Michael
monarch of Michael
it was in the
water I'm feeling sort of
sleepy I might end stream earlier than I
typically to
I have like no
energy okay
temperamental you got
Kitty for
aelia tree in the water is very a
fascinating choice
your sword
broke I don't remember if you can
teleport to me because of the
cat I I'm almost back I'm 500 M away
from
here because I cuz I don't know cuz I
want to go
back I was just waiting around
you said you had gotten the cat already
so I was
like
okay and the objective complete
do you want me to just TP to you and
then just do it all over
again do you know how to get back
what should I do
then it feels like the only solution is
for me to go back to
you I could just give you the
coordinates you can walk the cat all the
way
there I don't know I would be the same
thing
so I'm at your house
now you have a cat
I'm at negative 100 ne40
basically both of your cats
died
how there is a witch
when
oh you meant right
now I thought you were talking about
earlier that's saw other the
point I don't remember you're talking
about a
witch the villages will spawn more cats
what the [__]
a okay
yeah they spawned in the house
I forgot banners were a
thing I have to remember how to actually
make them
I know the ancient city should come
after the nether but I just want to see
if I could find one and Mark it for
later what's in the ancient sa that's
worth the effort they are interesting
looking perhaps
okay
yeah I think I'm going
now I suddenly lost all my
energy I'm not sure why
I just uh I don't
know I keep waking up
really
okay good night and thanks for the video
games